(config): development toolchain specifications and instructions (#1)
ultron-labs/ultron: README.md

# Ultron website

> 🚧 This project is currently in its early stages of development 🚧

A website for learning and interacting with ultrasound images.

> ## Development instructions

Reviewer: I'd rather call this

```suggestion
## Development
```

as it's a more general term, and then we can add further subsections as we move along.

> If this is the first time you are cloning this repository, run `./dev` in order
> to install the components and targets needed for working with this project. The
> binary `cargo-bin-run` will be installed globally and will make sure that you
> have the correct version of each binary dependency. In order to work with
> binaries such as `trunk`, interact via `cargo make trunk` in order to point to
> the correct `trunk` version locally installed in `.bin/`.

Reviewer: I like this but I think it's kinda verbose, how about this:

```suggestion
Run the `./dev` script in order to perform a first-time setup.
This will install the components and targets used in this project.
The `cargo-bin-run` binary will be installed globally and will make sure that you
have the correct version of each binary dependency.
To work with binaries such as `trunk`, use `cargo make trunk` in order to point to
the correct version of `trunk` installed locally (at `.bin/`).
```

I also question whether the `./dev` setup is only needed for development or if it's also needed for simply building the thing (maybe rename the script to "configure" or something a little more general in that case?)

Author: That's fair, I'll rename it to `.config` for short
